My wife told me she'll slam my head on the keyboard if I don't get off the computer. I'm not too worried, I think she's jokinlkjhfakljn m,.nbziyoao78yv87dfaoyuofaytdf
They say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Well, not if it's poisoned. Then the antidote becomes the most important.
Give a man a match, and he'll be warm for a few hours. Set a man on fire, and he will be warm for the rest of his life.
Never break someone's heart, they only have one. Break their bones instead, they have 206 of them.
It turns out a major new study recently found that humans eat more bananas than monkeys. It's true. Can you remember when you last ate a monkey?
'I work with animals,' the guy says to his date.  'That's so sweet,' she replies. 'I love a man who cares about animals. Where do you work?' 'I'm a butcher,' he says.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away. Or at least it does if you throw it hard enough.
I was in Russia listening to a stand-up comedian making fun of Putin. The jokes weren't that good, but I liked the execution.
I wasn't close to my father when he died. Which is lucky because he stepped on a landmine.
Why can't orphans play baseball? They have no idea what 'HOME' is.
My grandfather says I'm too reliant on technology. I called him a hypocrite and unplugged his life support.
What's the difference between me and cancer? My dad didn't beat cancer but often did beat me half to death.
My grief counsellor died the other day. He was so good at his job, I don't even care.
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it leaves and never comes back.
My parents raised me as an only child, which really annoyed my younger brother.
Water is like dark humor. Not all africans get it.
Air is like dark humor. Not every Jew got it.
My grief councillor died today, but I don't care because they were so good at their job.
A man wakes from a coma. His wife changes out of her black clothes and, irritated, remarks, 'I really cannot depend on you in anything, can I!'
What does my dad have in common with Nemo? They both can’t be found.