Yo momma is so fat when she got on the scale it said, 'I need your weight not your phone number.'
Yo mamma is so ugly when she tried to join an ugly contest they said, 'Sorry, no professionals.'
Yo momma's so fat and old when God said, 'Let there be light,' he asked your mother to move out of the way.
Yo momma's so fat, that when she fell, no one was laughing but the ground was cracking up.
Yo momma is so fat that Dora can't even explore her!
Yo momma so stupid she stuck a battery up her ass and said, 'I GOT THE POWER!'
Yo momma is so hairy, when she went to the movie theater to see Star Wars, everybody screamed and said, 'IT'S CHEWBACCA!'
Yo mamma is so fat she doesn't need the internet, because she's already world wide.
Yo mama so ugly when she went into a haunted house she came out with a job application.
Your momma's so ugly, when she goes into a strip club, they pay her to keep her clothes on.
"Your mom so fat, when a car tried to swerve to avoid her, it took 17 years to complete said swerve.
Your mom is so gassy that when she farts, the amount of methane in the atmosphere triples.
Your mom so idiotic, that when she took an iq test, the iq score came out negative.
Your mom so stupid, when she tried spelling, she spelt her name as 'idiot'.
Yo mama's so fat, she can't even jump to a conclusion.
Yo mama's so stupid, she stared at a cup of orange juice for 12 hours because it said 'concentrate.'
Yo mama's so stupid, when they said, 'Order in the court,' she asked for fries and a shake.
Yo mama's so stupid, when I told her that she lost her mind, she went looking for it.
Yo mama's so stupid, she went to the dentist to get a Bluetooth.
Yo mama's so ugly, she made a blind kid cry.
Your momma so poor, she ate cereal with a fork in order to save milk.
Yo momma so stupid, she stole a free sample.
Your momma so fat, her belt size is the equator's diameter.
Yo momma so stupid she put paper on the television and called it paper(pay-per) view.
Yo momma so stupid, she returned a donut to the store because it had a hole in it.
Your mom so nasty, she bit a dog and gave it rabies.
Yo momma so ugly that when she threw a boomerang, it didn't want to come back.
Yo momma so stupid that she puts lipstick on her forehead to make up her mind.
Your mom so old that when people told her to act her own age, she died.
Yo momma so ugly her pillow cries at night.